README.md, before:

# ld-node-facedetector-2

[![build status](https://gitlab.com/link.developers.beta/ld-node-facedetector-2/badges/master/build.svg)](https://gitlab.com/link.developers.beta/ld-node-facedetector-2/commits/master)

## Motivation and Context

- Tell the reader what this node is, what it does and provide context.
- Why is this node useful?

## The node in action

- Show the reader what the node looks like in action.
- Include screenshots etc.

## Installation

```
conda install ld-node-facedetector-2
```

## Usage example

```
ld-node-facedetector-2 --instance-file instance.json
```

## Specification

This node implements the following RFCs:
- https://draive.com/link_dev/rfc/026/README/index.html

## Contribution

Your help is very much appreciated. For more information, please see our [contribution guide](./CONTRIBUTING.md) and the [Collective Code Construction Contract](https://gitlab.com/link.developers/RFC/blob/master/001/README.md) (C4).

## Maintainers

- Ritwik Ghosh (maintainer, original author)

Commit message:

Changing the offer of the node a little, adding references, porting some of the logic in Detect function, updating the flatbuffer scheme a little.

README.md, after:

# ld-node-facedetector-2

[![build status](https://gitlab.com/link.developers.beta/ld-node-facedetector-2/badges/master/build.svg)](https://gitlab.com/link.developers.beta/ld-node-facedetector-2/commits/master)

## Motivation and Context

- Tell the reader what this node is, what it does and provide context.
- Why is this node useful?

#### Note that this node cannot be used with the facial recognizer if the setvisualization is set to true. update RFC

## The node in action

- Show the reader what the node looks like in action.
- Include screenshots etc.

## Installation

```
conda install ld-node-facedetector-2
```

## Usage example

```
ld-node-facedetector-2 --instance-file instance.json
```

## Specification

This node implements the following RFCs:
- https://draive.com/link_dev/rfc/026/README/index.html

## Contribution

Your help is very much appreciated. For more information, please see our [contribution guide](./CONTRIBUTING.md) and the [Collective Code Construction Contract](https://gitlab.com/link.developers/RFC/blob/master/001/README.md) (C4).

## Maintainers

- Ritwik Ghosh (maintainer, original author)
